Documentation for the SBEAMS schema driver tables:
$Id$


Column definitions for columns A,B,C,....


table_property:

A) table_name: a unique name among all SBEAMS modules.  Use a module
prefix (e.g., PR_, PS_, SN_, IS_, etc.) before database table name

B) Category: Friendly title of the table

C) table_group: a table group for which access security is defined

D) manage_table_allowed: Set to YES if the ManageTable.cgi program is
allowed to drive modifications to this table (it must have a autogen PK
and the standard audit columns)

E) db_table_name: a Perl variable for the physical table name.  Should
be $TB{module prefix}_TABLE_NAME

F) PK_column_name: column name of the primary autogen key

G) multi_insert_column: If this table supports multi-insert logic, set
to column name

H) table_url: actual URL used to manage this table.

I) manage_tables: a comma-separated list of tables that should be
listed as manageable as a group

J) next_step: comma-separated list of tables that might be managed next
after a record inserted here



table_column:

A) table_name: a unique name among all SBEAMS modules.  Use a module
prefix (e.g., PR_, PS_, SN_, IS_, etc.) before database table name.
Must match entry in table_property

B) column_number: numerical ordered index of columns so order is
preserved

C) column_name: column name in the table

D) column_title: a friendly title that appears in the form

E) datatype: datatype of column

F) scale: scale (e.g. length for VARCHAR) of column

G) precision: precision (e.g. number of decimal places for NUMERIC) of
column

H) nullable: if column is defined as NULL or NOT NULL

I) default_value: column default value for database

J) is_auto_inc: Y if this is an autogen columns (IDENTITY, SERIAL,
AUTO_GEN, etc.)

K) fk_table: If column is a foreign key, what table does it refer to

L) fk_column_name: If column is a foreign key, what column in the
remote table does it refer to

M) is_required: Does the ManageTable form require that this have some
value. This does not have to follow column H, although usually does

N) input_type: What type of HTML form widget type for entry (text,
textarea, textdate, optionlist, multioptionlist, scrolloptionlist,
file, fixed)

O) input_length: Size of the HTML form widget if appropriate

P) onChange: text for JavaScript onChange code for this widget

Q) is_data: Y if this is a column that should appear on the form (as
opposed to housekeeping column)

R) is_displayed: Y if this column should be displayed in a VIEW mode

S) is_key_field: combination of Y columns will be checked for
uniqueness before insertion

T) column text: Friendly descriptive text that appears on the form for
this field

U) optionlist_query: SQL query which populates an optionlist

V) url: when this field is displayed in a table, what type of HREF is
attached to the data (pkDEFAULT means that this column is the
referencing PK, SELF means column is URL itself)


